AWS ECS Executor (#34381)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow/providers/amazon/aws/executors/ecs/Setup_guide.md

> <!--

Author: A guide for setting up a set of resources to run the ECS executor. This is just one suggestion, there are many ways to do this but we thought it'd be helpful for users to have something to at least get started with.

 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
 -->

# Setting up an ECS Executor for Apache Airflow

There are 3 steps involved in getting an ECS Executor to work in Apache Airflow:

> 1. Creating a database that Airflow and the Executor can connect to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Creating a database that Airflow and the tasks running in ECS can connect to.
```

2. Click "Clusters" then click "Create Cluster".
3. Make sure that AWS Fargate (Serverless) is selected under Infrastructure.
4. Select other options as required and click Create to create the cluster.

### Create Task Definition

1. Click on Task Definitions on the left hand bar, and click Create new task definition.
2. Choose the Task Definition Family name. Select AWS Fargate for the Launch Type.
3. Select or create the Task Role and Task Execution Role, and ensure the roles have the required permissions to accomplish their respective tasks. You can choose to create a new Task Execution role that will have the basic minimum permissions in order for the task to run.
4. Select a name for the container, and use the image URI of the image that was pushed in the previous section. Make sure the role being used has the required permissions to pull the image.
5. Add the following environment variables to the container:

 - `AIRFLOW__DATABASE__SQL_ALCHEMY_CONN`, with the value being the PostgreSQL connection string in the following format using the values set during the [Database section](#create-the-rds-db-instance) above:

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can teach users how to do it well (how do it bad they found themselves 🤣 ) and recommend to use for secrets builtin feature of ECS: grab secret environments from SSM or SM?
- https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/userguide/secrets-envvar-ssm-paramstore.html#secrets-envvar-ssm-paramstore-update-container-definition
- https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/userguide/secrets-envvar-secrets-manager.html#secrets-examples

Author: I think once we have some more robust documentation in a followup PR. This would be good to add. For now, we're trying to keep it as simple as possible and assuming any folks using this for production are aware of common practices for managing secrets in their production infra.

Reviewer 2: _Expectation_

>assuming any folks using this for production are aware of common practices for managing secrets in their production infra.

_Reality_ 

**Ctrl (⌘) + C** -> **Ctrl (⌘) + V** -> "Now it is our production ready solution" 🤣

```
postgresql+psycopg2://<username>:<password>@<endpoint>/<database_name>
```

 - `AIRFLOW__ECS_EXECUTOR__SECURITY_GROUPS`, with the value being a comma separated list of security group IDs associated with the VPC used for the RDS instance.
 - `AIRFLOW__ECS_EXECUTOR__SUBNETS`, with the value being a comma separated list of subnet IDs of the subnets associated with the RDS instance.

> 6. Add other configuration as necessary for Airflow generally ([see here](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html)), the ECS executor ([see here](README.md#config-options)) or for remote logging ([see here](README.md#logging)).

Reviewer: Yeah, this is the section that needs to be revamped to make sure config is consistent everywhere!

Author: Agreed, it's worth adding a note or a final sentence calling out that it's a best practice to keep your config the same in all locations.

CC @syedahsn

Reviewer: > best practice

Not just best practice. Required/expected.
